okay cuz i'll be chillin with my niggas
ho chillin with my niggas hope chillin
wit my niggas hope chillin wit my niggas
ho chillin wit my niggas ho chillin wit
my niggas ho chillin wit my niggas ho
chillin wit my niggas hope chillin wit
my niggas hope in my room chillin wit my
niggas hope chillin wit my niggas home
with my name is hope no just me blaze up
with a bad bitch what's the Hat mommy
with my niggas rolled shit for the son
of man nigga scripted hey they can
relate me that bitch I'm dreaded up
don't grow at all glad I'm tatted up
like fuck skin hole niggas like fuck me
real niggas me fucker doing friday get
no luck dude am i read that lifestyle me
out chill actually hold my nigga keys be
rolling up that sticky shit that laughs
Mo Vaughn tells my nigga tube and Idaho
since middle school up in the fuel and
the boom gonna be over just wind Nova
canes my other name is you paint your
main length paper Jets good sex will
change your girl to your new Zacks long
girls come
Hussain like my book named Sue gone
she's tamed cuz my game it's so far and
beyond they claim that I changed but
it's the mile-high chillin wit my niggas
ho chillin wit my niggas home chillin
wit my niggas home chillin wit my niggas
wit my niggas hope chillin wit my niggas
ho chillin wit my niggas hope chillin
wit my niggas hole in my room chillin
wit my niggas ho chillin wit my niggas
ho chillin wit my niggas hope I'm
chilling in the cut smoked at durban
over that iceberg I decide she I'll use
my fists cuz I don't like words that
speak got me slow down these lipids got
me turned up this bitch in my ear and
I'm gonna tell her shut the fuck okay
all of us guys swishes hope rolling up
dad giving go primo got me gassed up yet
something like that Texaco d words my
nigga to we passing hoes like allergies
you like I got the juice and I'm killin
niggas like I got the moves everybody on
my shit now everybody on my dick now
can't stand me can't stand me with your
phone nigga so simple mr. Bello he like
oh don't have a hose like a frog I've
been played in her waters come and get
your bitch down ji if I see you yo shit
stain like pu free dines atlanta mi
nigga b2m re my niggas man i know y'all
know the squad ottoman bitches telling
me ain't you his cousin tuna with my
niggas hope channel
my nigga so chillin wit my niggas how
chummy with my niggas how chillin with
my nigga so channel with my niggas house
chillin with my niggas house chillin
with my nigga so chillin wit my niggas
ho in my channel with my nigga so
channel with my niggas hope channel with
my niggas ho